Readme.md, before:

### module-lookup-amd [![npm](http://img.shields.io/npm/v/module-lookup-amd.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/module-lookup-amd) [![npm](http://img.shields.io/npm/dm/module-lookup-amd.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/module-lookup-amd)

This module takes in a partial and synchronously gives back its absolute path on the filesystem.

I built this for [Dependents'](https://sublime.wbond.net/packages/Dependents) [jump to dependency](https://github.com/mrjoelkemp/Dependents#jump-to-a-dependency) feature that lets you click on a module name
and open the relevant file.

`npm install module-lookup-amd`

### Usage

```js
var lookup = require('module-lookup-amd');

var realPath = lookup({
  partial: 'someModule',
  filename: 'file/containing/partial',
  config: 'path/to/my/requirejs/config' // optional if not using paths/map aliasing
});
```

* `partial`: the dependency that you want to lookup
* `filename`: the path of the file that contains the dependency (i.e., parent module)
* `config`: the path to your RequireJS configuration file
 * As an optimization, you can provide a pre-parsed config object (the contents of the RequireJS config in object form)
 as `config`. You are then required to provide a `configPath` argument which is the full path to your config file.

### Shell usage

*Assumes a global `-g` installation*

`lookup-amd -c path/to/my/config.js -f path/to/file/containing/dependency -d path/containing/all/files my/dependency/name`

Commit message:

Resolve absolute paths based on directory option
Fixes #10
Ref mrjoelkemp/node-dependency-tree#40
Closes gh-13

Readme.md, after:

### module-lookup-amd [![npm](http://img.shields.io/npm/v/module-lookup-amd.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/module-lookup-amd) [![npm](http://img.shields.io/npm/dm/module-lookup-amd.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/module-lookup-amd)

> Resolve AMD dependency paths to an absolute path on the filesystem

This module takes in a partial and *synchronously* gives back its absolute path on the filesystem.

I built this for [Dependents'](https://sublime.wbond.net/packages/Dependents) [jump to dependency](https://github.com/mrjoelkemp/Dependents#jump-to-a-dependency) feature that lets you click on a module name
and open the relevant file.

`npm install module-lookup-amd`

### Usage

```js
var lookup = require('module-lookup-amd');

var realPath = lookup({
  partial: 'someModule',
  filename: 'file/containing/partial',
  directory: 'path/to/all/js/files', // optional
  config: 'path/to/my/requirejs/config' // optional
});
```

* `partial`: the dependency that you want to lookup
* `filename`: the path of the file that contains the dependency (i.e., parent module)
* `directory`: Used to resolve files if you're not using a requirejs config
* `config`: the path to your RequireJS configuration file
 * As an optimization, you can provide a pre-parsed config object (the contents of the RequireJS config in object form)
 as `config`. You are then required to provide a `directory` argument which is assumed to be the location where your config would have been.

### Shell usage

*Assumes a global `-g` installation*

`lookup-amd -c path/to/my/config.js -f path/to/file/containing/dependency -d path/containing/all/files my/dependency/name`

### License

MIT
